README.md, before:

# sharpmz-80k
Sharp MZ-80K programs (.mzf format)

As of June 22nd 2021, the following have been archived here:

BASIC SP-5025

1.  Erastothenes. A prime number generator, using the sieve of Erastothenes algorithm, but limited to scanning the first 255 integers
2.  Erastothenes 2. A more practical implementation of the Erastothenes algorithm, allowing around 2.7 million integers to be tested. Scanning the first 100,000 takes a little over 4 hours on an MZ-80K!
3.  An implementation of Computing Today's "The Valley" game, published April 1982.
4.  Mad Max 2021. Source unknown - possibly Computer and Video Games 1982/83?
5.  E24 Parascan. Based on a program published in Practical Electronics in November 1979. The graphics were added by me from a version I wrote for a RM-380Z (since lost).
6.  Res Parascan. Based on the E24 Parascan program, but with the E24 resistance range replaced by the range of actual resistors I have to hand as of January 2021.
7.  Duck Shoot. Credited in the listing to Southern Software 1980 - but probably entered into the MZ-80K by my brother from a magazine. There are a few bugs apparent in the game, but none are serious enough to stop it from working.
8.  Race Chase. A game from a 1982 copy of Personal Computer World. How many targets can you hit before the missile hits you?
9.  Epidemic. You are the antibody racing to cure the infection. Will you manage to do it in time or will the penicillin be needed? From Computer and Video Games, August 1983.
10. Ski run 2021. From Computing Today, October 1980. The music that introduces the game is (I think) meant to be the theme from the BBC TV show 'Ski Sunday', but is highly inaccurate if so!

KNIGHT's WEE PASCAL

1. Knight's Wee Pascal Documentation - a scan (pdf format) of the documentation supplied with Knight's Wee Pascal - an integer Pascal interpreter.

Sharp MZ-80K emulators (such as the EmuZ-80K - http://takeda-toshiya.my.coocan.jp/mz80k/index.html) will work
directly with the .mzf files stored here. 

If you are fortunate enough to have access to the real thing with a tape deck, mzf files need to be converted into
an audio file (.wav) first. MZFStudio - https://www.nachthacker.de/DownloadBereich.html - is excellent for this
conversion (and will also convert .wav files into .mzf format).

Commit message:

Added note about language tapes for emulation
The appropriate language tape is required to be loaded into any emulator before the .mzf files stored here.

README.md, after:

# sharpmz-80k
Sharp MZ-80K programs (.mzf format)

As of June 22nd 2021, the following have been archived here:

BASIC SP-5025

1.  Erastothenes. A prime number generator, using the sieve of Erastothenes algorithm, but limited to scanning the first 255 integers
2.  Erastothenes 2. A more practical implementation of the Erastothenes algorithm, allowing around 2.7 million integers to be tested. Scanning the first 100,000 takes a little over 4 hours on an MZ-80K!
3.  An implementation of Computing Today's "The Valley" game, published April 1982.
4.  Mad Max 2021. Source unknown - possibly Computer and Video Games 1982/83?
5.  E24 Parascan. Based on a program published in Practical Electronics in November 1979. The graphics were added by me from a version I wrote for a RM-380Z (since lost).
6.  Res Parascan. Based on the E24 Parascan program, but with the E24 resistance range replaced by the range of actual resistors I have to hand as of January 2021.
7.  Duck Shoot. Credited in the listing to Southern Software 1980 - but probably entered into the MZ-80K by my brother from a magazine. There are a few bugs apparent in the game, but none are serious enough to stop it from working.
8.  Race Chase. A game from a 1982 copy of Personal Computer World. How many targets can you hit before the missile hits you?
9.  Epidemic. You are the antibody racing to cure the infection. Will you manage to do it in time or will the penicillin be needed? From Computer and Video Games, August 1983.
10. Ski run 2021. From Computing Today, October 1980. The music that introduces the game is (I think) meant to be the theme from the BBC TV show 'Ski Sunday', but is highly inaccurate if so!

KNIGHT's WEE PASCAL

1. Knight's Wee Pascal Documentation - a scan (pdf format) of the documentation supplied with Knight's Wee Pascal - an integer Pascal interpreter.

Sharp MZ-80K emulators (such as the EmuZ-80K - http://takeda-toshiya.my.coocan.jp/mz80k/index.html) will work
directly with the .mzf files stored here, provided that you have already loaded the necessary language "tape" first - available from archive sites including https://sharpmz.no/. 

If you are fortunate enough to have access to the real thing with a tape deck, mzf files need to be converted into
an audio file (.wav) first. MZFStudio - https://www.nachthacker.de/DownloadBereich.html - is excellent for this
conversion (and will also convert .wav files into .mzf format).
